<!-- This file is autogenerated. See README.md for instructions to add an entry. -->

# Changelog

<!-- next version -->

## v0.4.1

### 🛑 Breaking changes 🛑

- `config`: Use a tarunner.yaml file as config file (#72)
  The tarunner.yaml file is expected to be located at the root of the TA folder.
  The program now takes a single argument, the base folder path.
  
  The tarunner.yaml file consists of 3 fields:
  * `type`: the type of exporter to use. `otlp_http` will use the OTLP HTTP exporter (default value). Any other value is interpreted as sending over Splunk HEC.
  * `endpoint`: the endpoint to which to send the data. `http://localhost:4318` is the default value.
  * `token`: the token to set if sending over HEC.
  

## 0.3.0

### 💡 Enhancements 💡

- `WinEventLog`: Add support for WinEventLog input scheme (#51)
  This code is experimental and doesn't support advanced options of the WinEventLog input.
  
- `tcp`: Add support for the tcp stanza (#64)
- `udp`: add support for udp inputs (#65)

## v0.2.1

Testing release workflow.

## v0.2.0

### 💡 Enhancements 💡

- `cook`: Move the cooking logic behind a feature gate (#12)
  Make sure we send raw data by default with no changes to attributes used by splunk by default
- `props`: Apply SHOULD_LINEMERGE (#7)
  Enables by default the behavior as configured by the key SHOULD_LINEMERGE in props.conf to apply line merging
  to send all entries of a batch into a single entry.
- `props`: Create a feature gate to configure the behavior of TA runner (#7)
  This behavior is experimental and disabled by default.
  Run with `--feature-gates +cook` to run all props and cook the data so indexer can accept the data as ready for ingestion.
- `props`: add support for field aliases, transforms, and loading props as part of the config. (#4)
- `script, monitor`: add metadata mapping to attributes (#22)
  Map source to com.splunk.source
  Map sourcetype to com.splunk.sourcetype
  Map index to com.splunk.index
  Map host to com.splunk.host
  

### 🧰 Bug fixes 🧰

- `collector`: identify the receiver with invalid configuration (#18)

## v0.1.0

Initial release
